README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

- Copy .sample.env to .env file.
- Create a new project in [Appwrite](https://cloud.appwrite.io/) , get the API key and paste in .env file
- Install all the dependencies and get started

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

# Contribute

**Hey Folks I would appreciate if anyone wants to contribute to this repo, and make this application even better**

## Repository Structure

- When a user logs in successfully, they get the option to create a room as well as join a room by entering 12 digits unique RID, and by both ways, the user is redirected to /rooms/:rid, in the next js the folder would be named as room/[rid]


<img width="752" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-30 at 10 36 10 PM" src="https://github.com/AdityaSingh-02/EzEStreamz/assets/94185167/065e3a04-a13a-4f25-99b2-5c3b27f70e9e">

Commit message:

docs: updated with repo structure

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

- Create a new .env file and copy content of .sample.env > .env file.
- Create a new project in [Appwrite](https://cloud.appwrite.io/) , get the API key and paste in .env file
- Install all the dependencies and get started with npm run dev, create account and check whether appwrite service is working or not.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

# Contribute

**Hey Folks I would appreciate if anyone wants to contribute to this repo, and make this application even better**

## Repository Structure

- When a user logs in successfully, they get the option to create a room as well as join a room by entering 12 digits unique RID, and by both ways, the user is redirected to /rooms/:rid, in the next js the folder would be named as room/[rid]


<img width="752" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-30 at 10 36 10 PM" src="https://github.com/AdityaSingh-02/EzEStreamz/assets/94185167/065e3a04-a13a-4f25-99b2-5c3b27f70e9e">
